= Moona

Moona interfaces with Google Analytics Experiments to retrieve data from 
its API and determine which variant should be presented to a given user

== Installation
  % gem install moona
  % rails g moona

== Configuration

First, you must create a Google Analytics Service Account.
Information can be found here https://developers.google.com/accounts/docs/OAuth2ServiceAccount

Moona uses +#{Rails.root}/config/moona.yml+ to configure variables.  You can
use different configurations per environment (development/test/production)

=== Example Configuration
  development:
    google_analytics:
      account_id: ACCOUNT_ID
      profile_id: PROFILE_ID
      web_property_id: WEB_PROPERTY_ID
    google:
      email: SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL
      private_key_path: 'PATH_TO_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY'

=== Where the F do I find all this stuff?

Creating the proper key
  


== Contributing to moona
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Dan Langevin. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

